I hear that there's a Hawaiian custom of something called a hukilau. Hukilau, hukilau is they have a rope, end of the rope they have a net there. They surround that certain place, then they drag the net. They surround it, you mean they carry the net out? Carry the net, uh-huh. How do they, is there something to keep the net floating? Yeah, some have those floaters floating. Some they lay down on the bottom, then they drag the net in. What do the floats, what are the floats made of? The float made of those, some coconut, dry coconut I guess. Oh, dry coconut. Yeah. And that floats the top of the net? Top of the net. Now, the word lau means leaf, doesn't it? Lau, lau is a leaf. Yeah, lau is a leaf. Alright, lau, the, where does the leaf come in in this hukilau? Hukilau, the leaves, you know, they sit on the top, top of the rope. So that when they pull, the fish are going to not jump over that rope. The ropes, the leaves keep the fish from jumping over? They scare them away. They scare them away because they want to go under the water. The moment you go under the water, they will go to the net. They have a pocket on the net. They have a pocket on the net. Now, the bottom of the net, then. Bottom of the net, they have a pocket. The bottom must have some kind of things to make it sink. Sink is a lid, they have a lid. Oh, they have lid on it, I see. Then, somebody goes out and puts the net out around. Yeah, they throw it with a boat. With a boat. Two boats, they go out, throw it all around. And then, who pulls it in? Well, they have a lot of, from the shows, about 40, 50 guys, they pull that rope up. Ah, I see. And they must have a pretty big school of fish there. Yeah, once in a while, they have a nice school, right? And then, they pull them all in and the fish don't, are scared to jump out, so they get caught. No, they are all in a net already. They get caught in a net. They get caught in a net. I suppose the top of the net comes in sooner than the bottom, so if they do try to go out, they're in that pocket. Yeah, they have to dig on, you know, about six or seven guys swimming around the net to watch how the fish are going. Oh, I see. Then, they chase in the hole. Uh-huh. Well, about how much fish do they get out of a good haul of those? Once, I saw up Waimea, they caught about, about a ton, I guess, of those akule. Uh-huh. Oh, they have a nice crew up there. What's akule? Um, that akule, some kind of, you know, how I used to call akule, akule, Japanese call it aji, you see.